Enable VISA and FAQ (#1541)
EuroPython/website: src/content/pages/faq.mdx

---

# FAQ

> {/*

Author: I wasn't able to find the timeline, so I commented it out.

  <li>**11 May 2026** Financial Aid Programme second-round application deadline</li>
  <li>**28 July 2026** Financial Aid receipt submission deadline</li>
</ul>
*/}
## Questions
<Accordion title="When and where is EuroPython 2026 taking place?" id="when-where">

  EuroPython 2026 will take place on **13 – 19 July 2026**. Mark your calendars!

> The conference will return to **Kraków, Poland**, with the main conference hosted at the [ICE Kraków Congress Centre (ICE)](https://icekrakow.pl/en).

Reviewer: I think we can skip the bit in brackets, as it's part of the main name (unlike last year):

```suggestion
The conference will return to **Kraków, Poland**, with the main conference hosted at the [ICE Kraków Congress Centre](https://icekrakow.pl/en).
```

>   Yes. We have a dedicated [Visa Information Page](/visa) with details on how to obtain the support letter. Please refer to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Czech Republic for information, including the application process for a [Schengen visa for the purpose of “business” when attending a conference](https://mzv.gov.cz/jnp/en/information_for_aliens/short_stay_visa/conference.html).

Reviewer 2: This part needs to be updated to the Polish info.

Author: I updated about Poland

Our goal is to make EuroPython sponsorship accessible to a wide range of organisations eager to support the community. If you're interested in sponsoring EuroPython 2025 or future editions, please get in touch with our sponsors team at sponsoring@europython.eu.
</Accordion>
*/}
{/*
<Accordion title="Where can I find accessibility information and directions to some of the rooms?" id="accessibility">
You can find detailed information about accessibility and how to navigate the venues, including lifts, room locations, and other facilities, on our [Accessibility page](/accessibility).
</Accordion>
*/}
<Accordion title="How can I join the conference Discord server?" id="discord">
During the event, we provide a Discord server for announcements, social interactions, and all other digital communication.

> Please join the server using this [Discord invitation link](/discord).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We’ll share details on how to join the Discord server closer to the conference.
```
